System check identified some issues:

WARNINGS:
?: (urls.W005) URL namespace 'contest:oioioiadmin' isn't unique. You may not be able to reverse all URLs in this namespace

--- Users registered correctly ---

Group          Username        First name      Last name      


--- Superusers ---

jrozek
subczarkowski
rszubartowski
sufwitt
msmolira
lorlikowski
blukasiewicz
akolodziejczak
ztalentariuszy


--- Unassigned users ---

Username        First name      Last name      
jpniewski       Jakub           Pniewski       
cnalezny        Cyprian         Należny        
mkamieniecki    Mateusz         Kamieniecki    
kmielnik        Krzysztof       Mielnik        
pperzynski      Piotr           Perzyński      
amiaskowska     Agnieszka       Miąskowska     
jkedziorska     Julia           Kędziorska     
pnowakowski     Piotr           Nowakowski     
jrak            Jakub           Rak            
orozek          Oskar           Rożek          
wlamandini      Waldemar        Lamandini      
gbernas         Grzegorz        Bernaś         
mkycia          Marek           Kycia          
shajderek       Szymon          Hajderek       
adaraz          Amadeusz        Daraż          
kstaszewska     Kalina          Staszewska     
korlikowski     Konrad          Orlikowski     
mwegrzyn        Michał          Węgrzyn        
alugowski       Adam            Ługowski       
pbulinski       Patryk          Buliński       
ksmolira        Konstanty       Smolira        
aslewa          Adam            Ślewa          
jzabkiewicz     Jan             Ząbkiewicz     
jkolinski       Jakub           Koliński       
wmilewski       Witold          Milewski       
bdrabinski      Bartosz         Drabiński      
mcybulski       Mikołaj         Cybulski       
aszymaniak      Adam            Szymaniak      
pgrzona         Paweł           Grzona         
mulasik         Maja            Ułasik         
jkussowski      Jakub           Kussowski      
edmitroca       Emilia          Dmitroca       
kbielinski      Kajetan         Bieliński      
bbudzinski      Bartłomiej      Budziński      
mwawrzyniak     Mateusz         Wawrzyniak     
mklimek         Mateusz         Klimek         
zmroziuk        Zofia           Mroziuk        
jpawlak         Jakub           Pawlak         
skalewski       Stanisław       Kalewski       
fjaszczura      Filip           Jaszczura      
mkussowski      Mateusz         Kussowski      
pguzinski       Piotr           Guziński       
kkonior         Karol           Konior         
tswiecki        Tomasz          Święcki        
sdomanski       Szymon          Domański       
mlozinski       Mateusz         Łoziński       
dsmater         Dominik         Smater         
kwesolowski     Karol           Wesołowski     
mkollar         Mikołaj         Kollar         
ozienkiewicz    Olga            Zienkiewicz    
asulborska      Agata           Sulborska      
fkycia          Franciszek      Kycia          
mbialy          Mateusz         Biały          
jchoma          Jakub           Choma          
Kmajka          Kajetan         Majka          
WRojekNowosielski Wojciech        Rojek-Nowosielski
pchatys         patryk          chatys         
krzysztofkjw    Krzysztof       Kujawa         
miwachowski     Mateusz         Iwachowski     
hwlodarski      Hubert          Włodarski      


--- Misassigned users (lowercase group means not present) ---

Username        First name      Last name       Groups          Contests       
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "./manage.py", line 14, in <module>
    execute_from_command_line(sys.argv)
  File "/home/oioioi/.local/lib/python3.7/site-packages/django/core/management/__init__.py", line 419, in execute_from_command_line
    utility.execute()
  File "/home/oioioi/.local/lib/python3.7/site-packages/django/core/management/__init__.py", line 413, in execute
    self.fetch_command(subcommand).run_from_argv(self.argv)
  File "/home/oioioi/.local/lib/python3.7/site-packages/django/core/management/base.py", line 354, in run_from_argv
    self.execute(*args, **cmd_options)
  File "/home/oioioi/.local/lib/python3.7/site-packages/django/core/management/base.py", line 398, in execute
    output = self.handle(*args, **options)
  File "/sio2/oioioi/oioioi/talent/management/commands/talent_view_groups.py", line 129, in handle
    id_from_group(member.group).upper(),
  File "/sio2/oioioi/oioioi/talent/management/commands/talent_view_groups.py", line 27, in id_from_group
    raise KeyError
KeyError
